Separate user DB per component (#7496)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/compass/configure-managed-gcp-postgresql.md

| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `global.database.managedGCP.serviceAccountKey` | Specifies base64 encoded the key for GCP Service Account mentioned in prerequisites. | base64 encoded string | "" |
| `global.database.managedGCP.instanceConnectionName` | Specifies instance connection name to GCP PostgreSQL database | string | "" |

> | `global.database.managedGCP.director.user` | Specifies Director database username | string | "" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `global.database.managedGCP.director.user` | Specifies the database username in the Director. | string | "" |
```

> | `global.database.managedGCP.director.password` | Specifies Director password for database user | string | "" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `global.database.managedGCP.director.password` | Specifies the password to the user's database in the Director. | string | "" |
```

> | `global.database.managedGCP.director.name` | Specifies Director database name | string | "" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `global.database.managedGCP.director.name` | Specifies the database name in the Director. | string | "" |
```

> | `global.database.managedGCP.provisioner.user` | Specifies Provisioner database username | string | "" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `global.database.managedGCP.provisioner.user` | Specifies the database username in the Runtime Provisioner. | string | "" |
```

> | `global.database.managedGCP.provisioner.password` | Specifies Provisioner password for database user | string | "" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `global.database.managedGCP.provisioner.password` | Specifies the password to the user's database in the Runtime Provisioner. | string | "" |
```

> | `global.database.managedGCP.provisioner.name` | Specifies Provisioner database name | string | "" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `global.database.managedGCP.provisioner.name` | Specifies the database name in the Runtime Provisioner. | string | "" |
```

> | `global.database.managedGCP.broker.user` | Specifies Kyma Environment Broker database username | string | "" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `global.database.managedGCP.broker.user` | Specifies the database username in Kyma Environment Broker. | string | "" |
```

> | `global.database.managedGCP.broker.password` | Specifies Kyma Environment Broker password for database user | string | "" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `global.database.managedGCP.broker.password` | Specifies the password to the user's database in Kyma Environment Broker. | string | "" |
```

> | `global.database.managedGCP.broker.name` | Specifies Kyma Environment Broker database name | string | "" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `global.database.managedGCP.broker.name` | Specifies the database name in Kyma Environment Broker.| string | "" |
```

![Instance connection String](./assets/instance-connection-string.png)

> For `director.user`, `provisioner.user`, `broker.user` and `director.password`, `provisioner.password`, `broker.password` values, use one of accounts from `USERS` tab. The `director.name`, `provisioner.name`, `broker.name` values is name of database which you want to use. The available names can be found inside `DATABASES` tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the `director.user`, `provisioner.user`, `broker.user`, `director.password`, `provisioner.password`, and `broker.password` values, use one of the accounts from the **USERS** tab. The `director.name`, `provisioner.name`, and `broker.name` values are the names of available databases. For the list of available names, see the **DATABASES** tab.
```
